so this is a couple times yeah captain
lando calrissian on solo looks like
you're having a good day I'm lucky guy
ask you a question captain Calrissian
anything Hin that's hot but that's okay
I heard a story about you I was
wondering if it's true everything you've
heard about me is true I'll ask if this
is true when you've heard they were
making this movie you thought did you is
it true that you thought o Lando must be
in this and I would like to be him
yeah and how do you go about making that
happen
coz I would also like to be him but I
don't I I told I told my agent I was
like if they're making a han Solo movie
Lando's got to be in it and I want to be
Lando and and into his credit and I
appreciate it he was like I don't like
your odds which was awesome because I
was like he was he was like yeah because
it was a very like it was a long time
ago and like and I just really I just
really wanted to because it was like my
first toy and I just loved that
character that was your first toy my
first toy I ever yeah got that for you
my dad your dad yeah that's a big star
Wars fan big star Wars fan did he come
to the set yeah we went to like this is
like a city that they built like him
it's like on this desert island like a
city
my name was entired city that we built
and like we just got to walk through it
and just hang out and just you know you
know you bakas on his cell phone like in
there
and you know you know people just say it
was awesome I'm a little bit shocked by
the city thing because Woody Harrelson
it was here a couple of nights ago and I
said is what you guys were out in the
middle of deserts like no that was all
on a soundstage in London and now I
realize he was just hire something I was
like wow that was that looks
unbelievable looks like you're in the
city in the middle of the desert he's
like now that was all green screen I was
I was wondering why I was sleeping they
issued what did you when you did get
this job what did you do like what was
your first move did you call your father
first or what did you do I did call my
dad first I called my dad first and told
him and that was like a big moment just
like you know he was proud and then I
went and got a large cheese pizza mm-hmm
and then went home and watched Empire
Strikes Back I was like research wow
that's a that's a great thing to have in
your head while you watch Empire yeah
it's bad like oh I'm gonna be that I'm a
vegan and then Alden said he plays on
solo that he met with Harrison Ford did
you meet with Billy Dee Williams I did
you did I met him here and like yeah
because I had already heard that Alton
that myth you know there was already
like photo leaks of them like meeting or
something like that so and I had talked
to him and he was like you know he did
all this research and talked about it a
lot so I I wanted to come in and do that
too so I came in with like all this
stuff that I was like you know maybe
Lando's from this planet and he did this
and maybe his family's rich maybe he's
like just all these maybes and questions
that you know he kind of had and I just
lay it all out there and it's funny
because I don't even think he was
looking at me when he said it like
Billy's like I don't know just be
charming man
and I was like yeah it was taught me a
valuable lesson if I don't overthink
this oh yeah there's nobody cooler than
Billy yeah will he be at the premiere
tonight I hope so yes he I mean yeah
he's got to be ready who are you taking
to the premiere tonight I mean I got a
few people like I guess a few family
members but like there's still some
there's still some seats like oh there
are yeah really yeah arresting anybody
want to go no I mean you can't just take
one or two members of the audience you
it wouldn't be right I'm it's like gum
you have to have it yeah everybody yeah
I'll take all you guys there you go
that's a good way to make fun
door opens May 25th you guys are gonna
see it tonight hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel I
hope you enjoyed that video hit
subscribe and all your dreams will come
true assuming your dreams are to watch
more YouTube videos